LINUX: START THE CONTINUOUS SERVICE

Run this one command from the service folder:

    bash Start-Service.sh

It sets up the local Python environment if missing, starts the local MQTT broker,
and detects the single attached USB serial device with serial_port: "auto".
The service keeps listening on assigned channels (default #autatestbot) until Ctrl+C.

Keep its terminal open. Run only one instance for the selected node.
This does not install an automatic boot service. Detection runs again on each start.
If no USB device or multiple candidates are found, startup reports an error. Set
serial_port to the intended fixed device when several USB serial devices are used.

If your file copy preserves executable permission, you may also run:

    ./Start-Service.sh

Otherwise bash Start-Service.sh works without changing file permissions.
Configuration is in config.json; command programs are in scripts/.
Run bash verify.sh after setup to run the tests in tests/.

AQI: Set AIRNOW_API_KEY in the launching environment (see README), then send
!aqi LATITUDE LONGITUDE or !aqi LATITUDE, LONGITUDE on #autatestbot.

See README.md for all commands, including traffic, rivers, UV, heat advisories, flood warnings,
flood alarms, and snowpack. Restart the service after changing config.json.

See MULTI_CHANNEL_GUIDE.md to add Public, hashtag, or private channels, assign
programs to them, manage private keys and MQTT export, and use channel_setup.py.
Stop the bridge before channel setup; restart after configuration changes.

RADIO CONNECTION
USB serial remains the default. To use TCP, set config.json's connection to:
    {"type": "tcp", "host": "192.168.1.50", "port": 5000}
For BLE, pair in the OS first and set connection to:
    {"type": "ble", "address": "AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF"}
These are values for the connection object, not complete config files.
See README.md for firmware, Bluetooth access, timeout, and service-account details.
USB detection settings apply only when connection.type is serial.

FUNCTION_REFERENCE.md explains every maintained service Python function.
